# TFG-VISIR

This is the repository for the Final Degree Project (TFG).

## Web

https://davlago.github.io/TFG-VISIR

## Description

The Final Degree Project is an extension of the previous VISIR tool. The objective of the project is to offer a 3d representation of communities of citizens.

## Features

The project includes the following features:

- Community and Citizien Display: Users can view communities and users with proper formatting and presentation.
- Access Citizien and Community Information: Users can access detailed information about each citizien and community.
- User Filtering: Users can filter the list of citiziens using a filter mechanism.

## Instructions

### Movement:
-	Left-click + mouse movement: To be able to navigate by rotating around the center of the scene or a selected entity.
-	Mouse wheel: To zoom in or out.
-	Right-click: To cancel automatic camera movement generated by clicking on an entity.
###	Filters:
-	Activate filtering: It will enable the checkbox section and allow you to view users with that attribute. By default, all checkboxes are activated.
-	Deactivate filtering: It will disable the checkbox section and reduce the opacity of users who have that attribute.
-	Close filters: By clicking on the cross (X) within the filter dropdown.
###	Information:
-	Double-click: By double-clicking on a community or user, an information box will be displayed.
-	Close information and deselect: By clicking on the cross (X) located in the information section, the information box will close, and the selected entity will be deselected, returning to the general view.

## Setup
Node.JS v14 is required
Follow these steps to install and run the project locally:

1. Clone the repository:
2. Navigate to the project directory:
3. Install dependencies (only the first time)
npm install
4. Run the local server at localhost:8080
npm run dev

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. 

